Some tweaks to the release checklist (#3498)
akka/akka-http: scripts/release-train-issue-template.md

- [ ] Make sure there are no stray staging repos on sonatype
- [ ] Wait until [master build finished](https://travis-ci.org/akka/akka-http/builds/) after merging the release notes (otherwise, the master
      build might pick up the tag and start publishing the release uhoh)

> - [ ] Create a tag for the release (e.g. `git tag -s -a v13.3.7 -m "Release 13.3.7"`) and push it.

Reviewer: Can we splice in the concrete release here?

Author: :+1: 
```suggestion
- [ ] Create a tag for the release (e.g. `git tag -s -a v$VERSION$ -m "Release $VERSION$"`) and push it.
```
